Add dotnet isolated release process to release templates (#2733)
Azure/azure-functions-durable-extension: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-release-template.md

- [ ] Publish DTFx packages to the [ADO feed](https://dev.azure.com/durabletaskframework/Durable%20Task%20Framework%20CI/_artifacts/feed/durabletask) for testing.
- [ ] Keep branch `azure-storage-v12` updated with branch `main`.

**Prep DotNet Isolated SDK Release: (assigned to:)**
_Due: <2-3-business-days-before-release>_
- [ ] If there were DTFx.Core changes, check its reference version [here](https://github.com/microsoft/durabletask-dotnet/blob/c838535adb6aedb6671cf193389ce63a6b4a9b24/src/Abstractions/Abstractions.csproj#L10). If updates are required, document the changes in [release notes](https://github.com/microsoft/durabletask-dotnet/blob/c838535adb6aedb6671cf193389ce63a6b4a9b24/src/Abstractions/RELEASENOTES.md).
- [ ] Check dotnet isolated SDK versions [here](https://github.com/microsoft/durabletask-dotnet/blob/c838535adb6aedb6671cf193389ce63a6b4a9b24/eng/targets/Release.props#L20). If updated, document the changes in the [change logs](https://github.com/microsoft/durabletask-dotnet/blob/c838535adb6aedb6671cf193389ce63a6b4a9b24/CHANGELOG.md).

> - [ ] Run pipeline [Release .Net out-of-proc SDK](https://durabletaskframework.visualstudio.com/Durable%20Task%20Framework%20CI/_build?definitionId=29) to build new package and publish them to the ADO feed for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Run pipeline [Release .Net out-of-proc SDK](https://durabletaskframework.visualstudio.com/Durable%20Task%20Framework%20CI/_build?definitionId=29) to create the new package and publish it to the ADO feed for testing.
```

**Prep Release (assigned to: )**
_Due: <2-business-days-before-release>_
- [ ] Update Durable Functions references (Analyzer? DTFx?) and check current version.
- [ ] Locally, run `dotnet list package --vulnerable` to ensure the release is not affected by any vulnerable dependencies.
- [ ] Review the [Dependabot vulnerability alerts](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-durable-extension/security/dependabot) and address them. Note: code samples / test projects _may_ be excluded from this check.
- [ ] Add the Durable Functions package to the [ADO test feed](https://dev.azure.com/durabletaskframework/Durable%20Task%20Framework%20CI/_artifacts/feed/durabletask-test).
- [ ] Check for package size, make sure it's not surprisingly heavier than a previous release.

> - [ ] Update Worker.Extensions.Durabletask references and check current veresion.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "check current version"?

Author: This means that we should check .NET isolated SDK version and also check if the version  of worker.extension.durabletask has been updated before we build the worker.extension.durabletask  package

> - [ ] Run pipeline [Release .Net Isolated Worker Extension](https://durabletaskframework.visualstudio.com/Durable%20Task%20Framework%20CI/_build?definitionId=30) to build package and add it to ADO for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Run pipeline [Release .Net Isolated Worker Extension](https://durabletaskframework.visualstudio.com/Durable%20Task%20Framework%20CI/_build?definitionId=30) to create the new package and add it to the ADO feed for testing.
```

_Due: <2-3-business-days-before-release>_
- [ ] If there were DTFx.Core changes, check its reference version [here](https://github.com/microsoft/durabletask-dotnet/blob/c838535adb6aedb6671cf193389ce63a6b4a9b24/src/Abstractions/Abstractions.csproj#L10). If updates are required, document the changes in [release notes](https://github.com/microsoft/durabletask-dotnet/blob/c838535adb6aedb6671cf193389ce63a6b4a9b24/src/Abstractions/RELEASENOTES.md).
- [ ] Check dotnet isolated SDK versions [here](https://github.com/microsoft/durabletask-dotnet/blob/c838535adb6aedb6671cf193389ce63a6b4a9b24/eng/targets/Release.props#L20). If updated, document the changes in the [change logs](https://github.com/microsoft/durabletask-dotnet/blob/c838535adb6aedb6671cf193389ce63a6b4a9b24/CHANGELOG.md).
- [ ] Run pipeline [Release .Net out-of-proc SDK](https://durabletaskframework.visualstudio.com/Durable%20Task%20Framework%20CI/_build?definitionId=29) to create the new package and publish it to the ADO feed for testing.

**Prep Release (assigned to: )**
_Due: <2-business-days-before-release>_

> - [ ] Update DTFx packages and Analyzer version at WebJobs.Extensions.Durabletask.csproj and check WebJobs.Extensions.Durabletask version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update DTFx packages and Analyzer versions at WebJobs.Extensions.Durabletask.csproj and check if we need to update the WebJobs.Extensions.Durabletask version.
```

- [ ] Locally, run `dotnet list package --vulnerable` to ensure the release is not affected by any vulnerable dependencies.
- [ ] Review the [Dependabot vulnerability alerts](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-durable-extension/security/dependabot) and address them. Note: code samples / test projects _may_ be excluded from this check.
- [ ] Add the Durable Functions package to the [ADO test feed](https://dev.azure.com/durabletaskframework/Durable%20Task%20Framework%20CI/_artifacts/feed/durabletask-test).
- [ ] Check for package size, make sure it's not surprisingly heavier than a previous release.

> - [ ] Update .NET Isolated SDK version at Worker.Extensions.Durabletask.csproj and check Worker.Extensions.Durabletask version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update .NET Isolated SDK version at Worker.Extensions.Durabletask.csproj and check if we need to update the Worker.Extensions.Durabletask version.
```

- [ ] Publish release notes for DTFx.
- [ ] Patch increment DTFx packages that were released (either DT-AzureStorage only or if there were Core changes DT-AzureStorage, DT-Core, and DT-ApplicationInsights)

**DotNet Isolated SDK Release Completion: (assigned to:)**
_Due: <release-deadline>_

> - [ ] Upload .Net isolated SDK packages to NuGet (directly to nuget.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Upload ..NET isolated SDK packages to NuGet (directly to nuget.org).
```

> - [ ] Publish release notes for durable-dotnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Publish release notes in the durable-dotnet repo.
```

**Release Completion (assigned to: )**
_Due: <release-deadline>_
- [ ] Delete Durable Functions packages from the [ADO test feed](https://dev.azure.com/durabletaskframework/Durable%20Task%20Framework%20CI/_artifacts/feed/durabletask-test).
- [ ] Run the [Durable Functions release pipeline](https://dev.azure.com/durabletaskframework/Durable%20Task%20Framework%20CI/_build?definitionId=23) and select `main` as the branch.
- [ ] Add the Durable Functions package to the [ADO feed](https://dev.azure.com/durabletaskframework/Durable%20Task%20Framework%20CI/_artifacts/feed/durabletask) using [this pipeline](https://dev.azure.com/durabletaskframework/Durable%20Task%20Framework%20CI/_release?_a=releases&view=mine&definitionId=11).
- [ ] Upload the Durable Functions package to NuGet (directly to nuget.org).

> - [ ] Upload .Net isolated worker extension package to NuGet (directly to nuget.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Upload .NET Isolated worker extension package to NuGet (directly to nuget.org).
```
